Add US Bank Account bindings (#4698)
stripe/stripe-android: CHANGELOG.md

### CardScan
* [ADDED] [4689](https://github.com/stripe/stripe-android/pull/4689) The `CardImageVerificationSheet` initializer can now take an additional `Configuration` object.

> ### Other changes

Reviewer: Since we aren't actually releasing yet, we can remove from the changelog.

> * [Added] `us_bank_account` PaymentMethod is now supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] 'us_bank_account' payment method creation and confirmation now supported for PaymentIntents and SetupIntents.
```
